Friend Finder Pseudocode:

Written by Alex Chalyy on 4/19/2019.

1. Create a repo in gihub with the following file tree: DONE

  FriendFinder
    - .gitignore
    - app
      - data
        - friends.js
      - public
        - home.html
        - survey.html
      - routing
        - apiRoutes.js
        - htmlRoutes.js
    - node_modules
    - package.json
    - server.js

2. Create home.html file with layout like in the following link: https://friend-finder-fsf.herokuapp.com/.

   a.   Use bootstrap to make the website mobile compatible. DONE.

   b.   The header container should state: DONE

        "Friend Finder". DONE

   c.   The body of container should have the following paragraphs: DONE

        "Answer a few basic questions" DONE

        "Then find the friend with the greatest compatibility!" DONE

   d.   The body should also contain "Go to Survey" button. DONE

   c.   The footer should have the following links: DONE

        i.  "API Friends List". DONE

        ii. "GitHub Repo - link to github repo for the project. DONE

3.  Create survey.html file with layout like in the following link: https://friend-finder-fsf.herokuapp.com/survey DONE

     a.   Use bootstrap to make the website mobile compatible. DONE

     b.   The header should be "Survey Questions" DONE

     c.   There should have dividor line below header. DONE

     d.   Below, there should have container with heading "About You" DONE

          The conainer should include two text boxes: DONE

          "Name (Required)" DONE

          "Link to Photo Image (Required)" DONE

    c.    Below, there should be 10 questions with drop down menues with options 1-5 (as shown in the link). DONE

    d.    Below, there should be submit button. DONE

    e.    Below, there should be two links: DONE

          i.  "API Friends List". DONE

          ii. "GitHub Repo - link to github repo for the project. DONE

4.  Create server.js file. DONE

    a.    The file should include express npm package. DONE

    b.    The file should include path npm package. DONE

    c.    Set up express connection. DONE

    d.    Require htmlRoutes. DONE

    e.    Require apiRoutes. DONE

    f.    Listen to port (local host). DONE

5.  Create htmlRoutes.js file.

    a.    Require path.

    b.    Make get route to survey page.

    c.    Make default catch-all route that leads to home.html.

6.  Create apiRoute.js file.

    a.    Make get rout with url /api/friends (display a JSON of all possible friends).

    b.    Make post rout /api/friends, this will add new user to json array of users and handle the compatibility logic

          Every time a call is made, if its correct, add it to friends.js array of json objects (friends)

          The call accepts the name, link to photo and 10 question answers (with integers of 1-5)

          Go thru every array json element of friends.js and pic the array element with the smallest absolute value sum difference for questions

          display the proper result (name, and picture) in modal window

7.  Make friends.js file with array of json objects with name, photo link, and scores (array of 10 integers).